Requisition ID: 298742
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National - Single
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: Houston, TX
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Job Summary:
 
In this role, you will lead, implement, and maintain global construction field welding programs and provide specialized welding engineering support. You will manage, inspect, and monitor the welding test lab, the rod room, the weld heat treatment program, and the laboratory quality plan. Your technical advice will help ensure defects, behaviors, and other issues are rectified prior to final inspection. 
#LI-BH1
Major Responsibilities:
 
Coordinates work activities for Project Field Engineer and the Lead Field Welding Engineer in implementing the site welding program on medium sized projects.
Implements and maintains Bechtel Field Welding program or all welding operations.
Provides specialized welding engineering support for construction to ensure construction meets all code, client/engineering specifications and Be

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]