Lead the Cost Management team on specific client commissions, making sure that the team delivers on all accountabilities.  
Interface with the client, stakeholders, and other consultants, at all project stages.  
Identify opportunities to improve cost management procedures, templates and products.  
Monitor, track and analyze schedule progress in the field (actual vs forecast).  
Developing and implementing project controls strategies, policies, procedures and ensure QA/QC is being followed.  
Evaluate and identify the risk profile of the project and provide recommendations to the client on how to mitigate the risks.  
Use scheduling tools including MS project and Primavera P6.  
Perform work using spreadsheet, report writing, presentations and industry accepted applications for cost, planning and progress measurement.  
Ensure that key information and learning generated from each commission is inputted into internal databases and case studies are shared.  
Process improvement – Identify and act upon ways to improve internal systems and processes with the client and achieve Standardization in reporting to help leadership with decision making efforts.  
Lead proposals for new work or variations for existing projects.  
Attend relevant networking events, industry conferences and other promotional opportunities.  
Staff management – Mentor early career starters on their career journey within the company; Undertake formal management of staff and recruitment interviews.  
Undertake Staff Performance reviews.  
Financial management – Utilize the tools provided within D365 and Hive to keep track of the ongoing margin levels and monthly fee/resource forecasts for each commission.  
Review and participate with the design services team and general contractor in the development of the cost estimates.  
Reconcile changes that occur over the planning phase and assist the general contractor to ensure that their data is accurate.  
Quality Control – Ensure compliance with quality 

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]