Requisition ID: 296422
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National/International - Family
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: New Albany, OH
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
.
 
Project Overview:
 
Bechtel is building a semiconductor manufacturing plant in New Albany, Ohio. We are partnering with the North America Building Trades Unions and suppliers to create several thousand new jobs and work with local education organizations to implement new training programs that will support the future talent pipeline. Bechtel Manufacturing & Technology, Inc. offers engineering, procurement, and construction services for customers in the semiconductor manufacturing, electric vehicle, and data center markets. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, the M&T global business unit also includes colleagues working in Arizona, Ohio, Texas, India, and additional project locations around the world.
Job Summary:
 
Civil-Structural Field Engineer will report directly to the Area  Field Engineer assist the construct

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]