Your success is a train ride away!

As we move America’s workforce toward the future, Amtrak connects businesses and communities across the country. We employ more than 20,000 diverse, energetic professionals in a variety of career fields throughout the United States. The safety of our passengers, our employees, the public and our operating environment is our priority, and the success of our railroad is due to our employees.

 

Are you ready to join our team?

Our values of ‘Do the Right Thing, Excel Together and Put Customers First’ are at the heart of what matters most to us, and our Core Capabilities, ‘Building Trust, Accountability, Effective Communication, Customer Focus, and Proactive Safety & Security’ are what every employee needs to know and do to be most impactful at Amtrak. By living the Amtrak values, focusing on our capabilities, and actively embracing and fostering diverse ideas, backgrounds, and perspectives, together we will honor our past and make Amtrak a company of the future.

 
Job Summary
 
Under minimal supervision from the Project or Portfolio Director, the Project Controls Manager (Schedule Management & Cost Control) applies Scheduling and progress measurement tools, systems and work processes to drive effective schedule monitoring and control, project progress measurement, and associated reporting. Individuals in this role will act as a Cost Controls Manager and develop related project dashboards, cost, and resource performance reports, and other related artifacts in close collaboration with Project Manager / Portfolio Director.  Performs additional duties as assigned.
Essential Functions
 

Ensures compliance with Amtrak project management standards and policies, third-party requirements, industry best practices, or project-specific requirements in the delivery of project control functions.

Performs project controls tasks in close coordination with project management team(s) and ensures assigned scheduling and/or cost control staff do th

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]