Requisition ID: 297361
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National/International - Family
 
Telework Type: Part-Time Telework
 
Work Location: Houston, TX
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
Phase 1 of the latest SPL expansion is expected to consist of one large-scale train, Train 7, and one boil-off gas reliquefaction unit, along with supporting infrastructure and tie-ins to the existing facility. SPL is the first and largest LNG production and export complex in the U.S. Lower 48. It produced and shipped its first LNG cargo in 2016 and has since exported more than 3,300 cargoes to dozens of markets globally.
Job Summary:
 
In this role based in the Bechtel Houston Office, you will support subcontract formation and related contract management activities for assigned packages. Subcontract formation includes preparing and reviewing bid request packages, supporting development of project contract operating procedures, and coordinating required inputs from project stakeholders. You will be expec

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]