Program Support Analyst, Senior
The Opportunity: 
As a Program Support Analyst, you know that effective project management information systems and process integration are essential for advancing public sector infrastructure initiatives. You’re eager to apply your expertise in Project Management Information System 
(
PMIS
)
 and Oracle Unifier to develop creative solutions that improve business processes, requirements, dashboards, reports, data quality, and system integrations across capital project environments.
On our team, you’ll collaborate with project managers, business process leads, program controls spe
cia
lists, IT enterprise systems, finance, 
and other
 departments to translate operational needs into usable PMIS solutions. You’ll support requirements analysis, process and data improvements, portfolio reporting, integrated system workflows, user support, and the exploration of responsible AI-enabled capabilities.
In this role, you’ll directly impact mission partners by helping to modernize work systems and drive organizational effectiveness. With opportunities to learn new tools and skills, we focus on growing and collaborating as a team to deliver the best solutions for our clients.
Work with us as we implement new technologies and processes to change infrastructure delivery for the better. This position is located in Norfolk, VA.
Join us. The world can’t wait.
You Have:
  
7+ years of 
experience
 working in PMIS environments, including Oracle Unifier, dashboard development, and integration of 
sof
tware tools
Experience
 analyzing and improving Oracle Unifier business processes, requirements, workflows, reports, or configurations
Experience
 developing dashboards and reports that present portfolio, program, and project-level performance information to different stakeholder groups
Experience
 supporting integrations between a PMIS and scheduling, finan
cia
l, document management, asset management, reporting, or collaboration tools
Experience
 conducting 

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]