Turner & Townsend is a global professional services company with over 22,000 people in more than 60 countries. 
Working with our clients across real estate, infrastructure, energy and natural resources, we transform together delivering outcomes that improve people’s lives. Working in partnership makes it possible to deliver the world’s most impactful projects and programmes as we turn challenge into opportunity and complexity into success. 
Our capabilities include programme, project, cost, asset and commercial management, controls and performance, procurement and supply chain, net zero and digital solutions. 
We are majority-owned by CBRE Group, Inc., the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, with our partners holding a significant minority interest. Turner & Townsend and CBRE work together to provide clients with the premier programme, project and cost management offering in markets around the world. 

Turner and Townsend seek a Senior Scheduler to join our team to create and manage scheduling for large-scale construction programs.  
The successful candidate will be responsible for schedule consulting at program level (overseeing many projects) in all areas of scheduling from pre-construction to close out.  
Implementing best practices and reporting trends both internally and externally. 
Create and analyse project schedules using Primavera P6 and Tableau for a portfolio of projects. 
Review and understand engineering, procurement and construction schedule logic. 
Create, manage, and oversee schedules using critical path method. 
Actively work with project managers and construction firms to maintain schedule integrity. 
Able to produce high level and 1, 3, 6 months look ahead from P6 for reporting. 
Produce logic driven schedules from limited project information a conceptual schedule from initiation through to closeout; identify major phases through that timeline and be able to determine and discuss dependencies. 
Utilize P6 to: 
cre

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]