Requisition ID: 298724
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National/International - Family
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: New Albany, OH
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
 
Project Overview:
 
Bechtel is building a semiconductor manufacturing plant in New Albany, Ohio. Bechtel will design and build Phase 1 of the Ohio One project, a total of 2.5 million square feet, including 600,000 square feet of cleanrooms. Construction will require as much steel as eight Eiffel Towers and as much concrete as the tallest skyscrapers.
Bechtel will strengthen future economic development in the region by partnering with the North America Building Trades Unions and suppliers to create several thousand new jobs and work with local education organizations to implement new training programs that will support the future talent pipeline.
Job Summary:
 
The HVAC Subcontract Technical Representative (STR) is responsible for the technical oversight, field execution, and coordination of the HVAC and Process D

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]