Requisition ID: 296877
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National - Family
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: Brownsville, TX
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
Bechtel is partnering with NextDecade to support their vision to provide the world access to lower carbon intensive energy with their Rio Grande LNG (RGLNG) project in Brownsville, Texas.RGLNG is a natural gas liquefaction and export terminal situated on a 984-acre site on the banks of the Brownsville ship channel. The first phase of the RGLNG project consists of three liquefaction trains, two storage tanks and one marine berth. At full capacity, the five-train facility will have a production capacity of 27 million tonnes per annum (MTPA). 
Brownsville, Texas is a city known for its diverse history, tradition, and rich culture. Located in the southernmost region in the beautiful state of Texas, lays Brownsville a rich, tropical oasis bordering the Rio Grande River and near the shores of the Gulf of Mexico. B

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]