AWS Infrastructure Services owns the design, planning, delivery, and operation of all AWS global infrastructure. In other words, we’re the people who keep the cloud running. We support all AWS data centers and all of the servers, storage, networking, power, and cooling equipment that ensure our customers have continual access to the innovation they rely on. We work on the most challenging problems, with thousands of variables impacting the supply chain — and we’re looking for talented people who want to help.
You’ll join a diverse team of software, hardware, and network engineers, supply chain specialists, security experts, operations managers, and other vital roles. You’ll collaborate with people across AWS to help us deliver the highest standards for safety and security while providing seemingly infinite capacity at the lowest possible cost for our customers. And you’ll experience an inclusive culture that welcomes bold ideas and empowers you to own them to completion.
As a Data Center Project Engineer, you will be a part of a creative, diverse team tasked with solving fascinating problems constructing Amazon Data Centers. Our data centers are industry examples of energy efficient, cost-effective designs. You will work alongside partner teams such as Operations, Networking, Controls, Security, and Commissioning to build Data Centers that directly support our Customers.
As our Data Center Project Engineer, you will support the teams that build some of the most interesting electrical and mechanical systems in the world. You will be on the construction site, daily interacting with the construction managers and stakeholders and be directly responsible for supporting the fast, high-quality delivery of our data center construction. The Data Center Project Engineer will be part of the onsite Construction Management team and will own the communication coordination with our vendors, information workflow, and coordination of document management including requests for inform

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]