AWS Infrastructure Services owns the design, planning, delivery, and operation of all AWS global infrastructure. In other words, we’re the people who keep the cloud running. We support all AWS data centers and all of the servers, storage, networking, power, and cooling equipment that ensure our customers have continual access to the innovation they rely on. We work on the most challenging problems, with thousands of variables impacting the supply chain — and we’re looking for talented people who want to help.
You’ll join a diverse team of software, hardware, and network engineers, supply chain specialists, security experts, operations managers, and other vital roles. You’ll collaborate with people across AWS to help us deliver the highest standards for safety and security while providing seemingly infinite capacity at the lowest possible cost for our customers. And you’ll experience an inclusive culture that welcomes bold ideas and empowers you to own them to completion.
The AMER Schedule Controls Manager is responsible for managing some of the most technical, cost-efficient, and fast-paced construction project schedules achievable. They are constantly challenged to drive continuous improvement, reduced timelines & identify spend reduction opportunities while delivering the highest quality, most technically efficient data centers in the world.
Key job responsibilities
Lead strategic schedule management for Amazon's innovative data center construction projects across the Americas. As a key member of our team, you'll provide expert guidance on complex project scheduling challenges while ensuring timely delivery of critical infrastructure.
Key Responsibilities:
• Lead and mentor a team of contract Schedulers 
Develop and analyze project schedules (L1-L5), identifying critical paths and optimization opportunities
Facilitate Interactive Project Planning Meetings (IPPM) with internal/external stakeholders
Conduct schedule risk assessments and what-if scenarios
Review and 

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]