Requisition ID: 296964
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National - Single
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: Battle Creek,MI
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
Bechtel’s focus on renewables and clean energy is helping our customers deliver transformational renewables and clean energy projects. Bechtel renewables team will perform project management, engineering, procurement, construction, commissioning and startup for the Sunfish 2 Project for a 360MW DC/309MW AC solar project in Calhoun County, Michigan.
Job Summary:
 
In this role,will report to the CSU Manager and is responsible for receiving and acting on requests to perform work on components or systems that are energized or have the potential to be energized. The TA will be responsible for energy isolation management in accordance with corporate and project specific procedures. Must be willing to work a flexible schedule if required.
Acting as the primary on-site LOTO Tagging Authority for commissioning, this

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]