Program Support Analyst, Mid
The Opportunity: 
As a Program Support Analyst, you'll help improve the systems, data, workflows, and reporting used to plan and deliver a major capital improvement program. You'll analyze existing Oracle Unifier business processes and related tools, document business and technical requirements, develop dashboards and reports, improve data quality, and support integration across the capital-program technology environment. 
 
On our team, you'll work directly with project managers and program personnel to understand how work is performed and translate their needs into user-friendly system and data solutions. You'll coordinate with business process, program controls, finance, asset-management, IT Enterprise Systems, and other technology stakeholders to ensure solutions support operational needs and conform to applicable architecture, IT security, data-permission, and integration standards.
 
In this role, you’ll directly impact mission partners by helping to modernize work systems and drive organizational effectiveness. With opportunities to learn new tools and skills, we focus on growing and collaborating as a team to deliver the best solutions for our clients.  
 
Work with us as we implement new technologies and processes to change infrastructure delivery for the better. This position is located in Norfolk, VA.
 
Join us. The world can’t wait.
 
You Have:
  
7+ years of experience working in Project Management Information Systems (PMIS) environments, including Oracle Unifier, dashboard development, or integration of software tools
Experience analyzing and improving Oracle Unifier business processes, requirements, workflows, reports, configurations, testing, data, or user support
Experience applying PMIS capabilities within a project-delivery environment such as capital-program, construction, engineering, or infrastructure
Experience developing dashboards and reports that present portfolio, program, or project-level performance informati

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]