Requisition ID: 297566
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National - Accompanied
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: New Albany, OH
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
Bechtel Manufacturing and Technology (M&T) is an exciting and growing business that serves the increasing demand of EPC services for customers in the semiconductor (manufacturing facilities and supply chain); electric vehicle (batteries, charging infrastructure, and production); synthetic materials; and data center markets.
M&T strives to exceed our customer objectives through utilizing our agility, innovative technologies, and world class talent. M&T will solve the industries toughest challenges, building both our company and the world for the future.
Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, the M&T global business unit also includes colleagues working in Arizona, Ohio, Texas, India, and additional project locations around the world.
Job Summary:
 
The Construction Automation Specialist supports the day-to-da

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]