Requisition ID: 296014
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National - Family
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: Ogden, UT
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
Bechtel is working for Northrop Grumman Corp. to deliver the Engineering, Manufacturing, and Development (EMD) portion of the Sentinel Program.  A system of inter-continental ballistic missiles and launch infrastructure. Sentinel is a vital U.S. Air Force program designed to modernize the nation’s aging force of inter-continental ballistic missiles, which make up the ground element of the nuclear deterrent. As part of Northrop Grumman’s Sentinel team, Bechtel is providing launch infrastructure design, construction, and integration. A major contractor for the United States and allied governments, Bechtel has handled such efforts as chemical weapons demilitarization projects, missile-defense, infrastructure, base operations, procurement and project management, and restoration and recovery spanning half a century. We

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]