Your success is a train ride away!

As we move America’s workforce toward the future, Amtrak connects businesses and communities across the country. We employ more than 20,000 diverse, energetic professionals in a variety of career fields throughout the United States. The safety of our passengers, our employees, the public and our operating environment is our priority, and the success of our railroad is due to our employees.

 

Are you ready to join our team?

Our values of ‘Do the Right Thing, Excel Together and Put Customers First’ are at the heart of what matters most to us, and our Core Capabilities, ‘Building Trust, Accountability, Effective Communication, Customer Focus, and Proactive Safety & Security’ are what every employee needs to know and do to be most impactful at Amtrak. By living the Amtrak values, focusing on our capabilities, and actively embracing and fostering diverse ideas, backgrounds, and perspectives, together we will honor our past and make Amtrak a company of the future.

 
Job Summary
 
The Senior Manager, Work Planning is responsible for providing leadership, direction, and oversight for work group planning in the New York Division of the Northeast Corridor.  This position leads the New York regional team of Amtrak’s IPRC group (Implementation, Planning, & Resource Coordination) within the Capital Delivery Department.

 

The IPRC New York regional team is responsible for the intricate planning and coordination process for multi-discipline (Track, Electric Traction, Communications & Signals, and Structures) track outages, power outages, and labor forecasting for major in-house maintenance and construction, major Capital Delivery projects, and third-party projects in the New York Division of the Northeast Corridor.
Essential Functions
 

Lead a team of technical managers, responsible for outage planning & coordination and forecasting of Amtrak labor demand in the New York Division.

Lead and manage effective coordinated planning of project

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]