Requisition ID: 296695
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National - Single
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: Port Arthur, TX
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
Port Arthur LNG, LLC (PALNG) is developing a Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) production and export facility on a site located on the western shoreline of the Port Arthur Canal in Jefferson County, Texas. The project base scope will include two (2) identical LNG trains, two (2) LNG Storage Tanks, one (1) LNG Carrier Berth, and associated utilities/facilities. The Project is to be constructed on a parcel of land located along State Highway 87 south of Port Arthur, Texas, between the inner coastal waterway bridge and Keith Lake. The Infrastructure Global   Business Unit (GBU) is executing site civil and marine scopes of work associated with our scopes of work on the Energy GBU LNG projects.   As the #1 LNG EPC contractor by installed capacity, Bechtel has the capability to successfully deliver a broad range of LN

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]