Turner & Townsend is a global professional services company with over 22,000 people in more than 60 countries. 
Working with our clients across real estate, infrastructure, energy and natural resources, we transform together delivering outcomes that improve people’s lives. Working in partnership makes it possible to deliver the world’s most impactful projects and programmes as we turn challenge into opportunity and complexity into success. 
Our capabilities include programme, project, cost, asset and commercial management, controls and performance, procurement and supply chain, net zero and digital solutions. 
We are majority-owned by CBRE Group, Inc., the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, with our partners holding a significant minority interest. Turner & Townsend and CBRE work together to provide clients with the premier programme, project and cost management offering in markets around the world. 

Turner & Townsend 
is seeking a 
Remote
 
Senior Construction Scheduler 
to work with our team in the 
United States. 
Supporting a leading technology client on a large-scale data center construction program.
The Senior Scheduler should have experience working with cross-functional teams and stakeholders to plan, develop and execute construction schedules for mission critical facilities. This includes new-builds and retrofits to existing /operating facilities.
The ideal candidate should have an excellent understanding of scheduling best practices, resource & cost loaded scheduling, overall construction project controls as well as the interpersonal skills to be able to work closely with the internal stakeholders of the project team on a daily basis.
The Senior Scheduler will take responsibility for end to end service delivery and to act as key, day to day client interface, ensuring that client objectives are met through the delivery of a value added service. To be successful in this role you must have great communication skills and be c

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]