Turner & Townsend is a global professional services company with over 22,000 people in more than 60 countries. 
Working with our clients across real estate, infrastructure, energy and natural resources, we transform together delivering outcomes that improve people’s lives. Working in partnership makes it possible to deliver the world’s most impactful projects and programmes as we turn challenge into opportunity and complexity into success. 
Our capabilities include programme, project, cost, asset and commercial management, controls and performance, procurement and supply chain, net zero and digital solutions. 
We are majority-owned by CBRE Group, Inc., the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, with our partners holding a significant minority interest. Turner & Townsend and CBRE work together to provide clients with the premier programme, project and cost management offering in markets around the world. 

Develop, monitor and update owners' Project Integrated Master Schedule (IMS).  
Establish the schedule management program and deliverables to be used on large scale capital programs.  
Interface with project stakeholders as trusted advisors to provide guidance and recommendations for the project.  
Prepare baseline schedules and schedule basis documents for approval by project teams.  
Conduct schedule of resource loading and leveling.  
Consolidate contractors schedule to incorporate into IMS.  
Assess impacts on the critical path and near-critical activities and report to the project team.  
Monitor schedule deviations and variances and assist in the development of alternative methods for corrective action.  
Apply EVM methodology to measure project progress.  
Review schedules with project team members on a regular basis to ensure that accurate and timely data is incorporated into the schedule.  
Prepare and provide schedule progress reports, trending charts, and schedule analysis on a periodic basis.  
Maintain record of scope chan

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]