Requisition ID: 294278
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National - Single
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: Lake Charles,LA
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
Louisiana LNG is located approximately 11 miles southwest of Lake Charles, Louisiana. The project includes a mid-scale, mixed-refrigerant Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) production and export facility on the west side of the Calcasieu River. There are five identical process plants. Each process plant consists of one gas pre-treatment unit, one condensate stabilization unit, and four Chart heavy hydrocarbon (HHC) removal and liquefaction groups. The facility will include associated utilities, refrigerant storage, three 235,000m3 full-containment LNG storage tanks, and three marine berths.
Job Summary:
 
In this role, you will lead a team and supervise superintendents and/or craft professionals on a project. You will direct craft professional activities and work schedules, and coordinate subcontract work activitie

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]