Turner & Townsend
 is a global professional services company with over 22,000 people in more than 60 countries. 
Working with our clients across real estate, infrastructure, energy and natural resources, we transform together delivering outcomes that improve people’s lives. Working in partnership makes it possible to deliver the world’s most impactful projects and programmes as we turn challenge into opportunity and complexity into success. 
Our capabilities include programme, project, cost, asset and commercial management, controls and performance, procurement and supply chain, net zero and digital solutions. 
We are majority-owned by CBRE Group, Inc., the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, with our partners holding a significant minority interest. Turner & Townsend and CBRE work together to provide clients with the premier programme, project and cost management offering in markets around the world.

Turner & Townsend
 is looking for an 
Automation Scheduler
 to join our team to provide scheduling services to our clients. The ideal individual will have a good understanding of the project control’s function and will be primarily responsible for updating and maintaining the construction schedule. 
 
Responsibilities: 
Ability to coordinate & organize multiple sources of schedule inputs/performance data into a master schedule platform and deliver project/program status reports as required.  
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  
The tenacity and drive to inject value and create solutions.  
Develops good working relationships with project team.  
Implement project planning & scheduling strategy, plans and procedures, reflecting both Company and contractor roles, responsibilities and expectations.  
Promote and maintain the overall integration and integrity of contractor schedules within the Program suite of project schedules.   
Provide interface and quality assurance to Project functional groups and contractors regardin

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]