Your success is a train ride away!

As we move America’s workforce toward the future, Amtrak connects businesses and communities across the country. We employ more than 20,000 diverse, energetic professionals in a variety of career fields throughout the United States. The safety of our passengers, our employees, the public and our operating environment is our priority, and the success of our railroad is due to our employees.

 

Are you ready to join our team?

Our values of ‘Do the Right Thing, Excel Together and Put Customers First’ are at the heart of what matters most to us, and our Core Capabilities, ‘Building Trust, Accountability, Effective Communication, Customer Focus, and Proactive Safety & Security’ are what every employee needs to know and do to be most impactful at Amtrak. By living the Amtrak values, focusing on our capabilities, and actively embracing and fostering diverse ideas, backgrounds, and perspectives, together we will honor our past and make Amtrak a company of the future.

 

Opportunities: Project Controls Schedulers for Infrastructure Capital Delivery

 

 

Amtrak will be hiring Project Controls professionals to support our Capital Delivery department. Open positions may include:

Project Control Specialist- Schedule

Lead Project Controls Specialist – Schedule

Manager Project Controls -Schedule

Sr Manager Project Controls - Schedule

 

If you would like to be considered for our upcoming Project Controls Positions, please apply here.

 

Opportunities will exist to support major capital construction and infrastructure renewal projects in various locations across the Amtrak system. Some examples of our capital projects include:

Susquehanna River Bridge

East River Tunnels

Connecticut River Bridge

Frederick Douglass (B&P) Tunnels

Concrete Tie Replacement Program

Hudson River Tunnel

 

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience performing or leading project controls for mid ($50M+) to large ($500M+) capital construction projects, program

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]