Requisition ID:  294763
Relocation Authorized:  National - Family
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project 
Work Location: Clay, NY
Salary Range: $105,000- $160,200 annually (salary range is based on market data; final salary offered is determined by education, experience, and qualifications of the applicant.)
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
Bechtel’s Manufacturing and Technology (M&T) is an exciting and growing business unit that serves customers in the semiconductor, electric vehicle, and datacenter markets. M&T strives to exceed our customer objectives through utilizing our agility, innovative technologies, and world class talent. M&T solves the industry's toughest challenges, building both our company and the world for the future. 
Job Summary:
 
Provides engineering assistance to superintendents, directs assigned personnel in meeting cost and time schedules, verifies materials, equipment, and quality and assures results meet design requirements. We will be pouring a lot of co

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]