Requisition ID: 299798
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National - Single
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: Portland, TX
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
The Cheniere Corpus Christi Liquefaction (CCL) Project is a Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) export facility located on the north shore of Corpus Christi Bay in Gregory, Texas. The 1,000+ acre facility started bulk early works in July 2015 as the first greenfield export facility in the United States. Bechtel has successfully and safely completed construction and it now consists of three operating Trains process with an LNG production capacity of approximately 15 million tons per year (MTPA), three LNG storage tanks with combined capacity of 480,000 cubic meters of LNG, 2 Jetty superstructures that can accommodate the world’s largest vessels, and dozens of associated buildings and utilities. Corpus Christi Liquefaction Project Stage 3 (CCL3) is a new phase at the existing CCL facility and will consist of seven mids

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]