At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We’re looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.
At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We’re looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.
Position Brand Description:
The Global Facilities Delivery (GFD) Organization, part of Corporate Engineering, delivers new and renovated capital assets around the world.  Our mission is accomplished through a highly leveraged organization of design, construction and qualification contractors.
Many of the assets delivered focus on manufacturing of medical innovations and delivering innovative solutions to patients.  Some of the assets delivered support an expansion in supply of existing medicines. 
Key Objectives/Deliverables
Project Control Management:  Partner in leading project controls teams to deliver large capital programs of at least $500MM USD or more that are business-critical in nature. These teams will consist of both Lilly and Non-Lilly professionals, working to safely achieve project objectives from front-end planning (conceptual design) in a Brownfield or Greenfield site thr

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]