Requisition ID: 295946
 
 
Relocation Authorized: National - Single
 
Telework Type: Full-Time Office/Project
 
Work Location: Pecos, TX
 
Extraordinary teams building inspiring projects:
 
Since 1898, we have helped customers complete more than 25,000 projects in 160 countries on all seven continents that have created jobs, grown economies, improved the resiliency of the world's infrastructure, increased access to energy, resources, and vital services, and made the world a safer, cleaner place. 
Differentiated by the quality of our people and our relentless drive to deliver the most successful outcomes, we align our capabilities to our customers' objectives to create a lasting positive impact. We serve the Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Energy; Mining & Metals, and the Manufacturing and Technology markets. Our services span from initial planning and investment, through start-up and operations. 
Core to Bechtel is our 
Vision, Values and Commitments
. They are what we believe, what customers can expect, and how we deliver. Learn more about our 
extraordinary teams building inspiring projects
 in our 
Impact Report
. 
Project Overview:
 
The rapid growth of AI and digitalization is fueling unprecedented demand for data centers that require large, reliable sources of energy. In response to this market trend, the Renewables & Clean Power (R&CP) team have signed an early works contract to build one of the largest gas fired power generation facilities in the U.S.
Our team is helping the customer progress early-stage development, that would lead to the start of full EPC delivery next year. We are seeking an experienced candidate to be an Area Piping Field Engineer on Project Kilby in Pecos, Texas. The candidate will mobilize on a long-term (camp) assignment to the project in Pecos, TX. This position is contingent upon project award
Job Summary:
 
In this role, you will will support the installation of all underground piping and related Balance of Plant

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]