Your success is a train ride away!

As we move America’s workforce toward the future, Amtrak connects businesses and communities across the country. We employ more than 20,000 diverse, energetic professionals in a variety of career fields throughout the United States. The safety of our passengers, our employees, the public and our operating environment is our priority, and the success of our railroad is due to our employees.

 

Are you ready to join our team?

Our values of ‘Do the Right Thing, Excel Together and Put Customers First’ are at the heart of what matters most to us, and our Core Capabilities, ‘Building Trust, Accountability, Effective Communication, Customer Focus, and Proactive Safety & Security’ are what every employee needs to know and do to be most impactful at Amtrak. By living the Amtrak values, focusing on our capabilities, and actively embracing and fostering diverse ideas, backgrounds, and perspectives, together we will honor our past and make Amtrak a company of the future.

 
Job Summary
 
The Project Controls Manager working in the Capital Delivery (CAPD) central organization will work with Delivery Arms Project Teams in CAPD coaching and advising on Cost Engineering, Change Management and other project controls procedures and guidelines.  The Project Controls Manager will apply Project Controls tools, data analytics, systems and work processes to ensure projects are compliant with Amtrak procedures, processes and guidelines.  Individuals in this role will work with the Director Project Controls in drafting and/or updating department policies or procedures, supporting continuous improvement efforts, providing feedback, coaching, and/or mentoring project teams and project control practitioners, to assist with compliance with company and CAPD standards.     
Essential Functions
 

Advises and coaches on all aspects of Cost Engineering, Change Management and other project controls procedures, processes, guidelines, and utilization of Amtrak’s P

[Truncated for this view — full text at the posting link]